zowe-api-dev deploy (#576)
zowe/api-layer: docs/ad-hoc-mainframe-deployment.md

## Technology

Using [zowe-api-dev](https://github.com/zowe/sample-spring-boot-api-service/blob/master/zowe-rest-api-sample-spring/docs/devtool.md
) tool from Zowe SDK.

Underlying technology is Zowe CLI.

**WARNING: TECHNOLOGY AND IMPLEMENTATION IS STILL IN EXPERIMENTAL STAGE**

### Prerequisities
 - Install Zowe CLI - https://docs.zowe.org/stable/user-guide/cli-installcli.html#installing-zowe-cli
 - Install zowe-api-dev
   ```
   npm -g install @zowedev/zowe-api-dev
   ```
 - Create Zowe CLI profiles for Z/OSMF and USS
   ```
   zowe profiles create zosmf-profile <profile_id> --host <hostname> --port <port> --user <userid> --pass "<password>" --reject-unauthorized false
   zowe profiles create ssh-profile <profile_id> --host <hostname> --user <userid> --password "<password>"
   ```
### Procedure

Procedure is separated into 3 distinct phases

*All commands are run from repository root folder*

#### Phase 1 - Initial run

objective of this phase is to setup zowe-api-dev and perform first deployment

 - Run 'zowe-api-dev init --account=<mf-account-id>'. 'user-zowe-api.json' will be generated in repository root folder.

>   - Create `user-zowe-api.json` file in repository root folder. Fill in specific information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update the `user-zowe-api.json` file in the repository root folder. Fill in specific information. 
```

I would use _update_ since the `user-zowe-api.json` is already created by `zowe-api-dev` init.

Author: good point, i need to adjust, but the other way around

Author: We would want to init with custom parameters. Since it's not available and you need to edit the file anyway, it's without init at the moment

Wrapper script `config/zowe-api-dev/run-wrapper.sh` is launched on mainframe. This is where you can change things and configure the deployment. This wrapper sets environment, unpacks dependencies and runs Zowe's Apiml start script `zowe-install/src/main/resources/component-scripts/start.sh`, which in turn starts Apiml.

*You can use the config deploy to upload the config changes only.*

### Notes and Known issues

 - The delta algorithm that zowe-api-dev is using is not perfect. Sometimes manual delete of `.zowe-api-dev/uploadedFiles` cache is needed to force deployment.
 - Zowe CLI sometimes fails to upload large files with error: `FATAL ERROR: Ineffective mark-compacts near heap limit Allocation failed - JavaScript heap out of memory
`. When retried, upload passes. Further optimization can be done to reduce size of our deployment.

### Deployment size optimization

*Following changes are additional to standard packaging*

Code packaging into jars is enhanced. 

> #### Thin jars package

Reviewer: Thin jar are a great idea. A good thing is that Zowe SMP/E packaging does not create an element for each .jar file so it should work without changes no matter how many .jar files will be in the api-layer.
